#Growth Mindset article - Reflection by Meghan# [link](https://www.atlassian.com/blog/inside-atlassian/growth-mindset)

Related to growth mindset, the author recommends choosing short-term discomfort to build long-term satisfaction and capability.

**Effort and Habits**: Pushing past discomfort is more difficult with my anxiety, since major surgery 15 years ago, and faltering career, since COVID. Those damaged my confidence and moved me away from values-driven and growth-oriented jobs. I can usually see my glows/progress and grows/weaknesses, but I am anxious to feel deep pride.

**Self-Reflection and Criticism Tone**: My daily reflections are too negative and I need to work on that with apps and my psychologist. I have trouble finding productive and valid feedback from those close to me, who are a small group. I understand and sometimes strive for *continuous improvement*, my internal self-assessment should change to a more positive perspective.

**Competition vs. Collaboration**: I am usually exceptional at admiring coworkers, having honest conversations, recognizing their strengths, and encouraging a supportive work culture. However, too many negative interactions can turn me away from those tendencies and I will self-isolate. I hope that this cohort has a growth mindset, is inspired by each other, collaborates. We seem to be on a good track for that in the first 3 days.

| **Name_Personal** | **Name_Family_Init** | **Growth_Goal_Words1-3** |
|-------------------|----------------------|--------------------------|
| Ben               |                      |                          |
| Bianca            | D.                   |                          |
| Branford          | B.                   |                          |
| Corey             |                      |                          |
| Meghan            | C.                   | Java and confidence      |
| Ojesh             | U.                   |                          |
| Roberto           | D.                   |                          |

The author embraces a growth mindset for resilience and fulfillment.
> ...short-term frustration will likely result in long-term improvement of my abilities – if I just stay with it. A growth mindset opens me up to more creativity and possibility, and I discover I’m able to achieve more and set higher goals.

Please watch my continuous improvement with rest-and-recognition phases through my profiles - [GitHub](https://github.com/MegaMoonBear) and my [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/meghan-carr-144b369/).
